TODO.md, before:

## Critical

- [ ] LARGE files  \(above 32\*1024 characters\) are always corrupted when written \(or read?\).  This probably causes many of the remaining problems.  I don't know why this is yet, but the stress.test.ts illustrates it.  Basically exactly the first 32\*1024 gets written and nothing more.  I thought I wrote
- [ ] "git log" on nontrivial content doesn't work, probably due to mmap?
- [ ] "git clone" doesn't work
- [ ] stat doesn't return blocks so "du" doesn't work.
- [ ] make it work over the network
- [ ] support api key auth

## Code Quality

- [ ] delete the "WEB" comments in code...
- [ ] redo all logging to use the debug module
- [ ] require require's to use static import syntax instead
  Once this is done, we have the option of using ESM modules.
  "module": "es2020" \(in tsconfig.json\).
- [ ] eliminate use of `var`
- [ ] there are a bunch of TODO's in the code still.
- [ ] support node v20
- [x] get rid of all the #if macro preprocess comments \(maybe grunt used them\). We can solve these problems for the web later, e.g., using polyfills or better code.
- [x] writing a LARGE file \-\- do we need to chunk it? Same question about reading.  It seems like we do. What about changing the params?
- [x] promote the node\-fuse stuff to be part of the main library instead of an example
- [x] finish implementing all fuse functions
- [x] github actions that does `pnpm test-all`...
- [x] implement reading contents from a file
- [x] upgrade to newest ws module.
- [x] fix all typescript errors
- [x] enable noUnusedLocals
- [x] enable noUnusedParameters
- [x] enable strictNullChecks

Commit message:

fix corruption issues with reading/writing large files
- also make it so if we somehow mess up and try to read/write too much,
the error is clearly reported instead of just hanging the client!  The
way this code was written with exception being raised in callback
functions is pretty bad, and also silently just truncating data instead
of reading it.  Gees!

TODO.md, after:

## Critical

- [ ] stat doesn't return blocks so "du" doesn't work.
- [ ] tar gets confused -- "file changed as we read it", I think because our timestamps are a mess for stat (1 second resolution and kind of random?)

```sh
tar cf /tmp/webosketfs.tar websocketfs/.git
```

- [ ] make it work over the network
- [ ] support api key auth

## Code Quality

- [ ] delete the "WEB" comments in code...
- [ ] redo all logging to use the debug module
- [ ] require require's to use static import syntax instead
  Once this is done, we have the option of using ESM modules.
  "module": "es2020" \(in tsconfig.json\).
- [ ] eliminate use of `var`
- [ ] there are a bunch of TODO's in the code still.
- [ ] support node v20

## DONE

- [x] LARGE files  \(above 32\*1024 characters\) are always corrupted when written \(or read?\).  This probably causes many of the remaining problems.  I don't know why this is yet, but the stress.test.ts illustrates it.  Basically exactly the first 32\*1024 gets written and nothing more.  I thought I wrote
- [x] "git log" on nontrivial content doesn't work, probably due to mmap?
- [x] "git clone" doesn't work
- [x] get rid of all the #if macro preprocess comments \(maybe grunt used them\). We can solve these problems for the web later, e.g., using polyfills or better code.
- [x] writing a LARGE file \-\- do we need to chunk it? Same question about reading.  It seems like we do. What about changing the params?
- [x] promote the node\-fuse stuff to be part of the main library instead of an example
- [x] finish implementing all fuse functions
- [x] github actions that does `pnpm test-all`...
- [x] implement reading contents from a file
- [x] upgrade to newest ws module.
- [x] fix all typescript errors
- [x] enable noUnusedLocals
- [x] enable noUnusedParameters
- [x] enable strictNullChecks
